if 10.8g of ag is dep in a silver coulometer conn in series with a copper coulometer, the volume of oxygen liberated is?
what is GMV in electrolyis calculations
structural isomerism!!!
structural isomerism naming conventions, changes and common names
a gas sample exerts p when confined find mole
isoelectronic
pair bonding and the pathway through oxygens importance
Register: slag, pyrogallol, polyvynil chloride
heat of ... calculations?
if a current of 1.5A is passed for 4.00 hours through a molten tin salt and 13.3 if tin is deposited, the oxidation state of the metal in the salt?
for a general equation... the expression for the equilibrium constant is?
functional group diff
homologous reaction with ABS & normal lab reagents
diffusion calculations (mmHg, mmH2?, mmO2?)
Oxidation state changes in reactions
Oxidizing agent is reduced, test this.
hybridization, spdf names and principles
saponification, hydrogenation, esterification & ALL the tests involved innorganic chemistry.
catalyst chemistry (this is where memorization of standard lab process is necessary; i propose a bullet point and comma'd list system for all the possiblevprinciples and exceptions)
PVT is heavy: the laws, the full understanding of each's effect over the others, the multiple hats of pressure, and the sequence of calculating.
ABS: 3 definitions + 3 equations each, drying/crystalization, anhydrous, efflourencence etc
saturation vs unsaturation
what vol of o2 measured at stp woulb be liberated on elec by 96.50 coulombs of electricity
20cm3 of a 2M sol of ethanoic ac was added to exc of 0.05M naoh. mass of salt?
pH and equilibrium (ALL K)
a particle that contains _proton _electrons _neutrons
how many moles of copper would be deposited by passing 3f of elec through a sol of copper2tetraoxosulphste(vi)
Normal -> Redox flow.
Gas law calculations for O2 and H2 soecifically
(EVERY SINCE COMPUTER BASED TESTS MORE DIAGRAMS ARE BEING SHOWN) Specifically lab test setups, graphs, ISOMERS.
(The 90's went very hard on textbook, lab test smarts, 00's on calculations and diagrams, 10-20's is still doing alot of that but adding reactions and trends.)